
  PERMISSIONS

     Group          Component       Instance   Permission
     Users          mediashare::    .*         edit
     All groups     mediashare::    .*         read

    This will give all users access to viewing published albums,
    and "Editors" access to create albums.


  ACCESS

    You can implement your completely own access control mechanism by copying
    "accessapi.php" to "localaccessapi.php" and then modify that.
    No documentation supplied but feel free to contact me if needed.


  SECURITY

    Mediashare bases it's security on three elements:
      1) Zikula's permission system
      2) Mediashare's access control
      3) Unguessable media file names.

    1 - Users need READ access to view any item and EDIT access to add anything.
        (see the install instructions)

    2 - Mediashare handles view/add/edit access for both albums and media items.

    3 - The last point is for performance reasons, but it depends on the setup.
        It is only used when storing media files in the local file system.

    Photoshare depended on Zikula's permissions when showing a single image. 
    This meant loading both the Zikula API and the Mediashare API each time an 
    image was displayed, and then streaming the image data through PHP. This 
    really slowed things down.

    Mediashare uses another technique (when storing files in the local file 
    system): all images are stored in the filesystem in a place where the 
    webserver can access them (in the "media upload directory"). This means 
    all items are accessible to everybody! 

    To avoid everybody accessing the files we name them randomly with filenames 
    that should not be possible to guess by outsiders. You will only get these 
    filenames if you are able to browse the Mediashare albums containing them (and
    thereby serving links to them).

    This is *not* a completely bullet proof solution - but the best compromise
    between performance and security. If you need more security then store the
    images in the database.
